Mitsubishi Electric have developed a car
interface which they believe will be
realized within a decade from now
the EMU I concept features a newly
developed curved reprojection displays
the dashboard a tactile interface with
buttons that pop up when needed and a
safety system that uses biometrics so
Julian go granny Midas against the river
the road to Yuma concepto I cotati gusta
come on ova shows enormous companion
oppaga you register Heyman tokina a yogi
Nagato upon Correa projects on unico
Khomeini he was your desk what about
material design co-star disability i
started understood karato so you do
projects on fire in agoura touch panel
tokina and also some of the key donors
over norma tomato sauce Ione school of
journalism one of the most striking
features of the mui interface is the
shape-changing buttons on the steering
wheel among the 18 buttons only those
that can be interacted with a raised
while the rest are attracted so the
interface can be used intuitively
without looking the display can also be
scrolled by sliding your fingers over
the buttons doyou stolen or toggle
notice own osito no position des toca su
no hasta más de Quiros Remini OH
genesios roots erykah rato con doha
qatar Arriba so no go process a abstract
ESO no se toca a Paco de Soto
so today Yuri intensivist Oh No so tiny
I was at our positioning this top area
and gentlemen our sister said yo na do
what they gotta give in addition as the
interface is proposed for use in a
future AV you can select an imitation
engine noise to let the people nearby
know you're approaching there's also a
head writing text entry interface for
use with a navigation system optimized
for the one-handed input of Japanese
characters the rear seats feature newly
developed curved glasses-free 3d touch
screen displays pockets no no yo so you
know I know you don't know karma cassani
it a US route to touch event in our room
is good no more this time surrogates
carrera no car so na karo na kaho in a
bikini good lometa amigo como sir I
madura no Deborah no say no anata no
koto mo apoyando conceited a connecticut
amor ni todo de no sorry anh nguyen cast
a boy you Villanova you tight a Guinea
they are given a cottage in East
Italians didn't for news